very good family how are you how are
my dear Lovers of the heart I
'm leaving you here the
strongest news of the night before going to
bed I want to know your opinion and
see what you think about these topics because it
seems that Jorge Javier already has
plans to return to Telecinco
the owner of the corral no that some call him
no Or is his name the same no the one who
was the star presenter of
Mediaset at some point It seems that he is
going to get his way and his plans
are going to turn out just as he had them
squared before starting and tell you
everything I'm going to ask you all please to
give me a like
thumbs up
and to subscribe it's completely
free my weapon or you have a
beautiful button there that says subscribe Click the
subscribe button and you become part
of this great family that we are here
all day everyday and well it is the
star channel of the heart and television do
not save me
attentive Jorge Javier is shaping up to
compete with Pablo Motos on Telecinco
after the end of save me an
imminent pilot will be presented  of a new program it
would be a daily format of the
television factory of interviews so that it returns
after its resignation it would be broadcast after the
nightly news well you know that
since the changes began in
mediaset the
possibility of a late nate was being considered I surely must have
pronounced it terribly I always
pronounce it terribly because English is not
my thing I would have put a little program at
night sitting on the sofa
But well they put late a late that is
called a program that a Prime a Prime
Time also I don't know how well anyway a
program at night
Pablo Moto's time slot so we understand each other better
more or less the format would be similar
with some other characteristic that these
people put in it you know that the
television factory you have to recognize that they
usually have good ideas working they are
good when they want
from the beginning a
late is being considered what is happening well the idea
that was
most strongly considered was being
presented by the same production company
Buenafuente and now it seems that
we are In the middle of summer we are
more or less at the equator of summer
It seems that the one that is winning the
fight would be the factory  of television the
television factory would have gotten its act together
and would be presenting a project
that would be this style of program that they
are looking for
according to what I am told and according to what
some sources close to Telecinco have leaked to me there would
be
people with a lot of power in the network who would have
regretted having blown up
the Sálvame program so directly
and so radically I always maintained
from the beginning
and you have to recognize
that the program worked evidently
the audiences were not the same as
before because there was a large
part of the population that was angry
with the program also television wants it
not to have gone down a little although there are
programs that work much better like
for example El Hormiguero Carrasa and
now many programs on Antena 3 do not
But anyway it was a
program that worked it was a program
with more than a million viewers
every day sometimes a million and a
half Even anyway the data was
good it was not Maybe the
spectaculars of another era but they
could have been fixed for me it is a
tremendous mistake not only to have removed
Sálvame I would have fixed it by putting the
hand where I had to put it by throwing out
some people that had to be thrown out and
putting Norma okay And putting Norma and
correcting me the issue of vetoes has
always seemed like a mistake to me, look
how many topics are there that are being lost
comment on Mediaset because they have the
vetoed topics okay there are many topics that the [ __ ] have
a lot of substance that have
a lot of gossip and that sells that in the end
people want the gossip and the gossip
no I think that the issue of the Betos is
going to be revoked
we'll see how this program goes it
could be a hooligan program
realize that also because it is in another
time slot Well, it has a little more
freedom with the languages ​​with the topics it
could go well the truth is that this
proposal could work and with this they
would also fit in the return of Jorge
Javier to Telecinco
at first what was being
talked about here was that Jorge Javier
suddenly finds out because the world leaked it
that the new directors of the
network had already prepared a letter for him to
tell him see later when
Jorge Javier finds out about this because
the world leaked it he suddenly gets a
shock  with and these health problems begin
that now have him on sick leave these
health problems have not gone
into many details the truth but
what the magazine leaks to the world is that it
just starts and that he is hospitalized
even when the world leaks that the
dismissal letter was prepared
now everyone here can think what they
want I personally believe that in the
end he has somehow challenged the network he has
bullied him and he has succeeded he was going to
succeed because it is not yet
confirmed let's say that he is going to
succeed the purpose was that they
give him his place a program like Pablo
Moto which is a program that can be
very cool it can be very nice
a lot of well-known faces can pass through there
look at the resistance okay the
resistance of the Hormiguero that pass through
there well because of the resistance sometimes
more so-so other times more
powerful there are times that very cool people pass through there there
are people who suddenly take you
people that I don't know what they do there but
well well look at you Jorge Javier
dominating that
The king of television would feel Well and
with and with all the ego like that because in the
end I already believe that this is not a
question  of money but more of Jorge
Javier you already know how he is No and what he
looks for is what fulfills him no that in the end
what fulfills him Is
knowing himself knowing
himself not as they say no and nothing family
well we'll see what happens we'll see Let's
see when it's confirmed I
think that this is one of the cases it doesn't
always work the same but this one I do think would be
one of the cases in which
when the river sounds it carries water and I
think that it won't be long before we see the
official announcement that this program is
approved that this program is taken by the
television factory and that this program is
presented by Jorge Javier okay
subject collaborators And that that I think
is something else Okay because as I tell you
a competition Pablo Motos right now it
is very complicated okay I think it is
Jorge Javier could be disappointed
and he
could get a reality check
or rather this this ego blow this
ego boost could suddenly turn around like a
boomera Because suddenly he
finds that he can't compete with
Pablo Moto I'm already realizing that
the Antena 3 formats are doing
better  the things that give you 5 and all the
Antena 3 programs that are
competing right now
with Mediaset are beating them without
even talking about the formats they have lost, for
example El Hormiguero, they lost it, okay,
Pasapalabra, they lost it
and now imagine if everything comes up, it
arrives like this, presents, presents
this new program and they find that it does
n't even make a 10, okay,
what's happening to
Telecinco lately, family, would you watch this
program? Are you interested? Don't you want to watch it
under any circumstances? Give me your
opinion in the comments box, you
know that I am free and that I will be
reading you there. I send you a huge hug
and bye, we'll see each other during the day, okay,
have a good weekend